Add migrations recovery documentation (#5974)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/guides/migrations/recovering.rst

database stores a record of the migration it applied.

On rare occasions, you may find you have deleted your migration files by
mistake. If you don't care about any of your data and don't need to keep your
migration history, you can :ref:`wipe <ref_cli_edgedb_database_wipe>` your
database and start over, creating a single migration to the current state of
your schema. If that's not an option, all hope is not lost. You can instead
recover your migrations from the database.

Run this query to see your migrations:

.. code-block:: edgeql

    select schema::Migration {
      name,
      script,
      parents: {name}
    }

You can rebuild your migrations from the results of this query, either manually
or via a script if you've applied too many of them to recreate by hand.
Migrations in the file system are named sequentially starting from
``00001.edgeql``. They are in this format:

.. code-block:: edgeql

    CREATE MIGRATION <name>
        ONTO <parent.name>
    {
      <script>
    };

or if this is the first migration:

.. code-block:: edgeql

    CREATE MIGRATION <name>
        ONTO initial
    {
      <script>
    };

> Just slot in the values from your ``Migration`` query results.

Reviewer: nit: No "just", and maybe be more explicit about what to replace here?

```suggestion
Replace ``<name>`` and ``<script>`` with the values from your ``Migration`` query results.
```

Author: Good suggestion. Fixed the line length and also added `<parent.name>`.
